Recommends Service Accounts (in preview, no automation examples) (#117)
mongodb/docs-atlas-architecture: source/auth.txt

MongoDB Atlas Database Secrets in HashiCorp Vault 
</blog/post/manage-atlas-database-secrets-hashicorp-vault>`.

.. _arch-center-admin-api-recs:

Recommendations for {+atlas-admin-api+} 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

|service| provides two ways to authenticate to the {+atlas-admin-api+}:

- :atlas:`Service accounts </api/service-accounts-overview/>`

>   (currently available as a `Preview feature 
>   <https://www.mongodb.com/resources/products/early-access>`__)

Reviewer: The parentheses is rendering as part of the link, maybe we can use the :website: directive to fix this:

```suggestion
  (currently available as a :website:`Preview feature 
  </resources/products/early-access>`)
```
